all right we have the orange 8030 head
into the orange 412 cab with Celestin
vintage 30s and I am with this 97 Paul
Reed Smith McCarty we're just going to
do little sound clips this is a clean or
the cleaner Channel
we have the master little over 12
o'clock and we got the gain rolled back
just past 9 and just going to do some
little cording stuff just so you can
hear what it sounds like
[Music]
okay we are on the same cleaner Channel
we just got the master roll back a
little bit and we got the game cranked
up about 12 o'clock and if you notice
we're not playing a whole lot of lead
licks but we're just playing these open
chords just so you can get the gist of
the tone that we're getting out of this
amp all right so here we go
[Music]
we're on the higher gain channel I'm
just gonna do a little power cordage
just so you can see how gamy this a t30
can get
[Music]
okay the last clip I forgot to mention
on the higher gain channel we had the
master in the gain knob about 12 o'clock
this one we've rolled the master back to
about nine o'clock and the game is up
around three o'clock so we're reaching
up to these higher gain territories of
this 8030
[Music]
this is still in the higher game channel
we are rolling back the game to 9
o'clock and we're on the master up to 3
o'clock so just doing the opposite and
this is just going to push this ant
harder into a more natural overdrive
a recap orange ad 30 twin channel head
with matching for 12 cabinet with
Celestion vintage 30s great amp really
really versatile from Fender II clean to
those high gain Marshall crunch sounds
just a great all-around amp anything
from praise and worship to just says
old-school rock
I mean just anything if even with a tube
screamer or some kind of overdrive in
front of it you know you can get real
high gain real saturation and it's this
great tone all around but just go and if
you haven't had a chance to check out
any any of these orange amps do it
because they're really cool
[Music]